Update incident communication process (#7223)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/engineering/incidents.md

- Take notes in the incident channel. This should include time stamps, and is a brain dump of everything that we know, and everything that we are or have tried. This will give us much more of an opportunity to learn from the incident afterwards.
- Update the [status banner on app](https://app.posthog.com/feature_flags/984). There are some templates below to make this easier.
- Update the [status page](https://status.posthog.com/) - this is best done via the incident slack channel.
  - This will automatically update users in [#status-updates](https://posthogusers.slack.com/archives/CT7HXDEG3)

If the person who raised the incident is the best person to debug the issue, they should hand over the incident lead role to someone else on the call.

[You can find all of our production runbooks + specific strategies for debugging outages here (internal)](http://runbooks/)

### Customer communications

> Major incidents such as the app being partially or fully unreachable, as well as ingestion delays of 15 minutes or longer should be clearly communicated to our customers so that they know what is going on and what we are doing to resolve it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Major incidents such as the app being partially or fully unreachable, as well as large ingestion delays should be clearly communicated to our customers so that they know what is going on and what we are doing to resolve it.
```

just to make it less likely we'll need to come update it.

Reviewer 2: I think it's better if we set a threshold, instead of having every on-call wonder how large is large enough.
My personal compas is 30 minutes for a status page, 15 min might be a bit too ambitious.

Author: The whole conversation was around what specific time so I also agree having a clear differentiator is worth it. But yeah 15 mins probably too tight

Reviewer: this is not the place for OKRs this is a doc about incident communication - OKRs should not be here

Reviewer: or alternatively if we do want OKRs to be here let's add them in a more clear way rather than within a paragraph

> The main way to communicate an incident to customers is via the [status page](https://status.posthog.com/). There you can set granular information on the status of the problem and which components are affected. If the incident is critical and clearly impacting users then it makes sense to also update [the banner feature flag](https://app.posthog.com/feature_flags/984) which will show an announcement at the top of the app. It's the responsibility of the incident lead to enable the banner, and to disable it when the incident is resolved.

Reviewer: there's internal and external status updates via incident slack and tbh I'm not fully sure how they work and which we should be using

Reviewer 2: incident.io's internal "status updates" should be killed with fire, we're small enough that internal stakeholders can follow the channel if they want updates.
Public status page `/incident sp` should be open as soon as 30 minutes end2end are reached. @benjackwhite I think we should explicitly document `/incident sp` first, then write that it updates https://status.posthog.com/. Most employees don't have an account there.

> The main way to communicate an incident to customers is via the [status page](https://status.posthog.com/). There you can set granular information on the status of the problem and which components are affected. If the incident is critical and clearly impacting users then it makes sense to also update [the banner feature flag](https://app.posthog.com/feature_flags/984) which will show an announcement at the top of the app. It's the responsibility of the incident lead to enable the banner, and to disable it when the incident is resolved.

Author: ```suggestion
The main way to communicate an incident to customers is the [status page](https://status.posthog.com/) which is updated via the incident slack channel using `/incident sp`. There you can set granular information on the status of the problem and which components are affected. If the incident is critical and clearly impacting users then it makes sense to also update [the banner feature flag](https://app.posthog.com/feature_flags/984) which will show an announcement at the top of the app. It's the responsibility of the incident lead to enable the banner, and to disable it when the incident is resolved.
```
